Reflection Questions for Project
Before you write any tests or code, document your ideal process for what to do when you get stuck. Things you should consider: how long will you struggle with something before reaching out for help? What will you do during the struggle? What resources do you have available to you? If your process isn’t working, how long will you try it out before revising and trying something a little different?

My ideal process for getting unstuck will include a three pronged attach. Step one is to see if I can find something in an old project. Many times just looking at something I did in the past can help me figure out where I am going wrong now. If that is not possible, or I can not find something simillar, I will try googling it. I am always sure to include "ruby" in the search as well as some choice phrasing (example: Ruby how to pull a key value from hash), or if I have more an of an idea of what I am looking for I will go straight to the ruby docs to see if I can find it there. The last thing I will do is reach out, even though this is hard for me. Like most people I 1) don't like feeling like I am stupid, and 2) I hate bothering people, but I have to conqure these fears, and realize coding is a team sport.
** Note I tried reaching out but it is really hard because I feel like people are annoyed/frustrated by my lack of knowelge and progress.**

My hierarchy for support will be, first cohort mates (I know that they are working on something else but I think they may have some ideas). If I can not get an answer from them then I will reach out to my rock, if they are not able to assist, I will reach out to an instructor. I will immediately reach out to an instructor if I have any questions related to clarification (such as what does this mean?). Lastly if all else fails I will go to Tim, because he has been a ruby coder for years. 

I know that struggle is part of learning but I want to keep the unproductive struggle to a minium so I think that I will spend no more that 10 minutes on each of my methods before trying a new one, and if I am stuck in unproductive struggle for more then 20 minutes I am going to take a pom to keep from getting frustrated. I do have a lot of resources and I need to get better about using ALL of them. 


Understand/Identify what each method should be returning by creating a list of methods and return values for each iteration. Ex: the table for Iteration 3 in last week’s IC


For every class in iterations 1 and 2 of the project, all tests should be written before any code for the class itself is written (versus a ping pong pattern that we often demonstrate). Write out all tests for the first class, submit a PR describing what was done, merge it. Once all the class’ tests have been written and merged, you may begin writing the class code. You should repeat this pattern for every class in iterations 1 and 2. For iteration 3, you should still be writing the tests first, but you can opt to ping pong style of writing test then code if you prefer.
